README.md, before:

# anyhooks README

This is the README for your extension "anyhooks". After writing up a brief description, we recommend including the following sections.

## Features

Describe specific features of your extension including screenshots of your extension in action. Image paths are relative to this README file.

For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\)

> Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow.

## Requirements

If you have any requirements or dependencies, add a section describing those and how to install and configure them.

## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: Enable/disable this extension.
* `myExtension.thing`: Set to `blah` to do something.

## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

Initial release of ...

### 1.0.1

Fixed issue #.

### 1.1.0

Added features X, Y, and Z.

---

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code.  Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux)
* Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux)
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets

## For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

[anyhooks] Added a welcome message and updated the feature description in the README.md - Updated the introduction to "anyhooks" in the README.md - Updated the feature description in the README.md - Added a tip about using animations in the README.md - Updated the requirements section in the README.md - Updated the extension settings description in the README.md - Updated the known issues section in the README.md - Updated the release notes section in the README.md - Updated the working with Markdown section in the README.md - Updated the closing message in the README.md

README.md, after:

# anyhooks README

Welcome to "anyhooks" - a VSCode extension designed to enhance your coding experience by providing powerful, customizable hooks.

## Features

"anyhooks" allows you to configure custom hooks that can perform actions based on various triggers within VSCode. This can include formatting code, running tests, or any other routine tasks.

![Custom Hook Example](images/img-white-bg-2.png)

> Tip: Use animations to demonstrate your extension in action. Short, focused animations can effectively showcase your extension's capabilities.

## Requirements

Ensure you have the latest version of VSCode installed. If "anyhooks" relies on other software or extensions, please install and configure them as per their documentation.

## Extension Settings

"anyhooks" contributes the following settings:

* `anyhooks.enable`: Enable/disable this extension.
* `anyhooks.customCommand`: Set a custom command to run on specific triggers.

## Known Issues

For a list of known issues, please visit the [issues section](https://github.com/AnyHooks/anyhooks-vscode/issues) of our GitHub repository.

## Release Notes

Keep up to date with the latest changes and improvements to "anyhooks".

### 1.0.0

- Initial release of "anyhooks".

### 1.0.1

- Fixed issue where hooks would not trigger under certain conditions.

### 1.1.0

- Added support for additional programming languages.

---

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code. Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux)
* Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux)
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets

## For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy "anyhooks", your partner in coding efficiency!**
